Support array for all string ingest processors (#53343)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/html_strip.asciidoc

[[htmlstrip-processor]]
=== HTML Strip Processor

> Removes HTML from field. If the field value is an array, all members will be converted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes HTML tags from the field. If the field is an array of strings, HTML tags will be removed from all members of the array.
```
